NAME

    Beyonwiz::Hack::Codeset - hack to enable telnet access on the Beyonswz

SYNOPSIS

        Beyonwiz::Hack::Codeset;

    A module to use as an argument to use with "bw_patcher" to patch
    Beyonwiz firmware to make the Beyonwiz select a non-default remote
    control codeset (so that multiple Beyonwizes in the same room won't all
    respond to the one remote control.

    The effect of this hack will be undone if you load unmodified firmware
    onto the Beyonwiz.

USE IN BW_PATCHER

        Beyonwiz::Hack::Codeset codeset

    The *codeset* argument is an integer 0..7.

    An unmodified Beyonwiz DP-P2 uses codeset 1. Other Beyonwiz models use
    codeset 0. These two codesets are the most convenient to use if you have
    Beyonwiz BR-01 or BR-02 remote controls, or a programmable remote that
    is restricted to codes from those two remotes.

FUNCTIONS

    "hack($flash_dir, $root_dir, $codeset)"
        Called by "bw_patcher" to perform the patch.

        Add the argument "-rc $codeset" to all occurances of the *wizdvp*
        command in the file that will be "/etc/rc.sysinit", the system
        startup script, on the Beyonwiz.

        $codeset must be in the range 0-7. An unmodified Beyonwiz DP-P2 uses
        codeset 1. Other Beyonwiz models use codeset 0. These two codesets
        are the most convenient to use if you have Beyonwiz BR-01 or BR-02
        remote controls, or a programmable remote that is restricted to
        codes from those two remotes.

        If you have a programmable remote that can accept hexcodes, then any
        codeset can be used. Beyonwiz codesets have the form "0xBE0cxxxx"
        where "BE0" is fixed, "c" is the codeset (0..7, not 0..F) and "xxxx"
        is the command code. For, example, with codeset 0 (all models except
        DP-P2), the OK command is 0xBE001FE0, with codeset 1 (DP-P2), it's
        0xBE011FE0. With codeset 5, it would be 0xBE051FE0, but no Beyonwiz
        remote will operate that codeset.

    "hackTag()"
        Returns "codeset" as the default suffix tag for the patch.

DISABLING THE HACK

    Simply download unmodified firmware into the Beyonwiz and restart.

PREREQUSITES

    Uses packages "Beyonwiz::Hack::Utils".

BUGS

    This hack cannot change the codeset for POWERTOGGLE for startup (though
    the shut-down POWERTOGGLE will work) or the codes for the POWERTOGGLE
    1+2+3+4, because these codes are interpreted in the front panel
    mictocontroller, not by the main frimware.

    If you set a codeset for which you do not have a remote, then no remote
    codes except POWERTOGGLE for startup (but not shutdown) and the
    POWERTOGGLE 1+2+3+4 firmware recovery remote sequence will work on the
    Beyonwiz.

    Using user extensions or hacks may make your Beyonwiz unable to operate
    correctly, or even start. Some modifications are known to interfere with
    the correct functioning of the Beyonwiz.

    If your Beyonwiz cannot start after you load modified firmware, you may
    need to use the procedures in the NOTICE - How to recover from FW update
    failure <http://www.beyonwiz.com.au/phpbb2/viewtopic.php?t=1298>
    procedure on the Beyonwiz forum. It's not known whether that procedure
    will fix all failures due to user modifications or "hacks".

    If you run modified firmware on your Beyonwiz, and have problems with
    its operation, try to reproduce any problems you do have on a Beyonwiz
    running unmodified firmware, or at least mention the modifications you
    use when reporting the problem to Beyonwiz support or on the Beyonwiz
    Forum <http://www.beyonwiz.com.au/phpbb2/index.php>. Beyonwiz support
    may not be able to assist if you are running anything other than
    unmodified firmware from Beyonwiz. Forum contributers may be able to be
    more flexible, but they will need to know what modifications you have
    made.

