NAME

    make_kernel_bflt - convert a Beyonwiz kernel image into a bFLT
    executable

SYNOPSIS

        make_kernel_bflt --reloc=<value> -r=<value> kernel_image

DESCRIPTION

    Takes a single file name argument, the name of a Beyonwiz DP series
    kernal, and produces a copy of that file with a bFLT header, and with
    the contents of the kernel moved in the file so that the file addresses
    for the bFLT file are the same as the actual memory addresses. The
    output file name is the input file name with the extension .bflt added.

    Prints a table of the kernel segment locations, with mem addr for the
    kernel memory address, file addr for the image file location, and reloc
    addr for the location in the bFLT file.

    When the kernel start address is the default 0x90090000, the output file
    will look to be about 2GB, but most of its blocks won't have been
    written to; on NTFS and Linux file systems, the physical representation
    of a file like that is much smaller than 2GB.

ARGUMENTS

    Make_kernel_bflt takes the following arguments:

    reloc
          --reloc=value
          -r=value

        Locates the kernel image to start at the location given by <value>.
        If the relocation location isn't given, the kernel image is moved to
        start at the value of the "_stext" symbol, 0x90090000.

        The value may be written, equivalently, in the forms 64, 0x40, 0100
        or 0b1000000.

        This was intended to allow the arm2html disassembler to carry out
        disassembly giving all the correct memory locations. Unfortunately,
        arm2html crashes with a start address as large as 0x90090000. A
        reasonable compromise is to specify -r 0x90000, which makes for
        addresses that are easy to convert to the correct value.

        The first 64 bytes of the relocated file are the bFLT header, and so
        code can't be written into the first 64 bytes. make_kernel_bflt
        allows the relocation value to be less than 64 (-r 0, for example),
        but the header effectively over-writes the first 64 bytes of the
        code.

PREREQUSITES

    Uses package "Getopt::Long", "POSIX" and "BWFW".

BUGS

    Tries to use some contextual information to ensure that the correct
    values for the location of the symbol table and the segment boundaries
    have been found. These hueristics may fail and the program may produce
    garbage.

    The fact that arm2html doesn't work with the code start set to the
    default 0x90090000 prevents make_kernel_bflt from being used as it was
    intended to be used for that disassembler.

    Arm2html crashes if the relocation segment of the bFLT file is empty.
    Make_kernel_bflt creates a single fake entry to relocate its first word
    to stop arm2html crashing. This is more a workaround for a bug in
    arm2html than a bug in make_kernel_bflt

